Kars For Kids Small Grant Program | Kars4Kids Grants
Toggle navigation
Our Grantees
Apply Now
The Kars4Kids Small Grant Program is dedicated to supporting educational initiatives around the country, helping us impact more children.
Apply Now
Causes We Care About
We’re passionate about helping children develop into productive members of their community.
Youth Development
Mentorship
Education
How it Works
Are you a 501c3 organization with a central focus of doing original work on behalf of America’s children? We want to hear from you. We accept submissions from all US-based, nonsectarian, IRS-recognized nonprofit organizations. Grants typically range from $500-$2,000, depending on such factors as mission alignment and availability of funds.
1. Tell us about your charity
Submit the online application, including a brief summary of the organization’s mission and programs.
2. We’ll be in touch with a decision
We go through each application. You should hear from us within 4 months, either with additional questions or a determination.
3. You receive the grant funds
If approved, a check will arrive in the mail! We’ll also interview your charity and spread the word about your work on our site.
Kars4KidsGrants is Sponsored  by . For more information visit Kars4Kids Facebook | Kars4Kids LinkedIn | Kars4Kids Guidestar Profile | Official Kars4Kids Jingle Site
Our Impact
Through our small grant program, we've helped likeminded charities ensure a brigher future for children & their families.
Previous    Next
“ Kars4Kids is an amazing organization that partnered with Girls on the Run to ensure that even MORE children are receiving quality opportunities for education and growth! ”
Sarah McMenamin
Girls on the Run
“ Through your spirit of philanthropy, we were able to extend our reach & improve our services in helping learning disabled students achieve their potential. ”
Jan McDavitt
Learning Ally
“ Thank you for your support to further our mission of providing supplies to schools, teachers & students. Our volunteers recieved fleece vests to use in our drafty warehouse! Kars4Kids made this happen. ”
Cary Weatherby
Companies to Classrooms
“ Our kids program focused on advocacy, bullying and social skills… Thank you for being part of the team, we honestly couldn’t do it without you! ”
Brad Cohen
Brad Cohen Tourette Foundation
“ Thank you for your contribution! You have added immense value to our work and given peace of mind to children & families whom we service. ”
The Team
So What Else
“ This is an incredible blessing to our small organization and we are so grateful to you for your recognition of our hard work!
Willem C. Kiefer
Bench Mark Program
Our Mission
We’re a national Jewish nonprofit that provides year-round educational and mentoring opportunities and support to develop youth into productive and engaged members of society. Our small grant program enables us to expand our reach to more diverse populations by lending support to local charities doing great work for the children in their communities.
10,000+children impacted
300+charities
$250,000+in grants given
42states
Apply for a Grant
Our committee considers each application seriously. Due to the large number of requests we receive, it may take up to 4 months for you to hear from us with a determination. We may not respond to your application if it does not meet our criteria for consideration. Determination is made on a case-by-case basis, depending on factors like mission alignment and availability of funds. Grants typically range from $500-$2000.
I’m applying for a nonprofit
I’m recommending a nonprofit
Nonprofit Small Grant Application
Your Info
Name
Phone
Email
Charity Info
Name
Website
Tax ID Number
Mailing Address
Write a short summary of the charity's mission & programs
Enter This Code:
Attach 501c3 determination letter
Submit Application
Recommend a Nonprofit
Your Info
Your  Name
Your Email
Charity Info
Charity Website
Charity Mailing Address
Write a short summary of this charity's mission and programs
Enter This Code:
Send Recommendation
Explore
Our Grantees
Our Programs
About Kars4Kids
Donate
Donate Car
Donate Boat
Donate Real Estate
Donate Gift Cards
Other Ways to Give
Cash Donations
In-Kind Donations
Matching Gifts
Get Involved
CONNECT WITH US
Apply for a Grant
Contact us
Copyright 2023 Kars4Kids. All rights reserved. Kars4Kids is a registered non profit organization.