Letters of Inquiry - RPF
Letters of Inquiry - RPF
About Us
Our Vision
Who We Are
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Our Impact
What’s New
RPF’s History
Recent Grantees
RPF’s Grantee Q&A
Grants Archive
How To Apply
Eligibility
Letters of Inquiry
Proposals
Film Submissions
For Grantees
Share Your News
Update Your Info
Report Form
HOW TO APPLY
Letters of Inquiry
PLEASE NOTE: The deadline to submit an LOI for a fall 2023 grant is August 11, 2023
Welcome!
If you have reviewed our  eligibility requirements and funding priorities and believe that your program falls within the purview of the Righteous Persons Foundation, you are welcome to submit a letter of inquiry (LOI). LOIs are accepted twice annually, usually in January/February (for consideration for a spring grant) and then again in July/August (for consideration for a fall grant).
Please send ONE copy of your LOI via e-mail to grants@righteouspersons.org.
Your LOI should be 2-3 pages and contain the following:
A brief description of the organization’s mission, activities, and history
If applicable, a description of the proposed project including clear and measurable objectives, the issues the project will address, and the target population(s)
The total amount of money requested from the Foundation
The name, e-mail address, and telephone number of the responsible contact person
In addition to the LOI, please attach:
A detailed project budget along with the organization’s budget (a project specific budget is not required of organization’s seeking general support); please also indicate your organization’s fiscal year
A list of secured and potential funding for the project
Documentation of the organization’s 501(c)(3) status
Should you have a fiscal sponsor for your project, you must include a current copy of your sponsor’s tax-exempt letter from the IRS as well as a letter from the sponsor acknowledging their agreement to serve as the project’s sponsor.
For film proposals, please be sure to review the additional information posted here.
Thank you for not sending full proposals unless otherwise requested.
You should receive an e-mail acknowledging receipt of your LOI within two weeks of your mailing date. If you do not, please email grants@righteouspersons.org. We strongly recommend applicants keep a copy of the original submission.
Eligibility
Letters of Inquiry
Full Proposals
Film Submissions
Righteous PersonsFoundation
Contact 310-314-8393
310-314-8396 FAX
EMAIL US
© COPYRIGHT 2016 RIGHTEOUS PERSONS FOUNDATION.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Mailing List
Email